So this is the stitch interface,
you can always go back to the cluster screen by clicking on that back button here and on this page,
you can manage the different features
stitch offers. You have that getting started page which actually allows you to move through a couple of steps
to quickly get started,
I'll not move through them right now, at least not through all of them,
let me instead explain what else we got here. Now
the clients page here allows you to choose which kind of client you're using.
Are you building a web app, then you would choose javascript and that is the case
for us, we have a react app as a client, a single page app or if you're building a native mobile app with
Java or swift, so Android or iOS, then you would use these tabs to see how to install mongodb stitch
because you'll need an sdk installed locally to use the many stitch features from inside your client
and all the steps are outlined here.
We'll do this together in a second,
no worries.
Now we can export our configuration if we want,
I'll not do that right now, under configuration for the Atlas cluster,
this is something we can ignore here would allow us to connect to our stitch app differently,
not something we'll do here.
Rules will become important for accessing our data, that will become super important actually, triggers
is what I mentioned on the slides where you can set up some listeners to database or authentication
events and you can then execute functions, services
are these services where you could integrate AWS S3 for example to suddenly add some functionality
which stitch has not built-in but stitch gives you a bridge to other services,
so also services of other companies, AWS is another company in the end. Users, here you can see users who
signed up with your app and that authentication user management is all handled behind the scenes by
stitch,
so you don't need to worry about saving the passwords in a secure way,
you don't even store them in your mongodb collection anymore,
that will all be handled by stitch invisible to you
and this is pretty awesome because it allows us to focus on our core business logic. Values,
these are some static values which you could enter which you could then use in your well, rules and functions
as it says here by accessing this special placeholder. Functions
is then the part where you can create a new function to well define some javascript code that executes
on demand on the server side as it says here.
You can also view some logs for what happened in your stitch app and we'll see, well you can see that later
once we got something to happen. Push notifications is also something I'll not cover here
but you could add push notifications to mobile apps.
So that is the rough overview,
now let's get started by installing the stitch client
therefore on clients browser, if you scroll down we'll use this solution. So we can copy this command
here,
we'll use npm nodes package manager to install another dependency and I will execute this here
or actually in that terminal where I ran npm start, we can ignore these warnings by the way and just
paste in that command you just copied and this will now install a new package, the javascript sdk for
stitch which we need to interact with stitch from inside our browser side application.
So this can take a few seconds until it's downloaded and installed and I'll be back
once it's done. So now it is done and we can therefore restart npm start to bring up that react application
again
and now the important thing is that from now on, we'll be able to work without our backend filter,
so without our node API here on the backend and that is of course pretty pretty awesome.
Now that also means that now we can simply delete that folder,
so now we got no backend and therefore our application will be broken now because well, if we try to log in
and so on, that would not work because all the logic that is required for logging in is now not available
anymore because I deleted the restful API which we used for that in the past but that won't be a problem
because we'll use stitch now.
And here you actually have a short snippet on how to use stitch,
let's dive into using stitch in the next module and let's learn how we can use it to well interact with
our database and fetch data and so on.